every one so we're in Taiwan right now
we're doing our factory tour series and
while we were out here
we stopped by Lian Lee's offices and
they wanted to show us some updates to
their land cool two series cases so this
was not part of the plans tour and it
almost feels like some early copy
textile coverage we don't typically do
one-off product coverage while we're
traveling other than for shows but this
one's worth talking about we last talked
about the land call to mesh updates at
CES and there's a couple new changes
here versus even then and it was still
some good changes at the time before
that this video is brought to you by the
new be quiet straight power 11 platinum
power supply series available from 550
watts to 1200 watts the new straight
power 11 is Platinum certified operating
more efficiently than before reducing
heat and lowering noise levels as a
result the be quiet street power 11
platinum is up to 94.1% efficient and
meets the new low power standards of
just 0.16 watts when in standby learn
more about this high-end noise focused
power supply at the link in the
description below so let me update you
on all this basically I mean we'll walk
back to this one first so this is the
land cool that we already talked about
it's been reviewed and the changes that
were shown at CES were between this land
cool to panel and this one which this
was the mesh variant aptly named for
obvious reasons but this is what was at
CES the difference here is pretty
obvious the new difference that we put
these side-by-side the holes are the
same size but lien Li has increased the
I guess the density the hole density per
square area and they've just moved them
closer together so some of this on the
this product just to be clear never
shifts but some of the changes on this
land quilting mesh prototype from CES
versus this one it just brings the the
holes in which should help with a few
things one of them is going to be static
pressure performance of the fans because
you have less of an obstruction in front
of them you're not dealing with as much
material to fight past and then the side
panels as well have had the same type of
change so these on the the side doors
here these are also dents or hole
placement but
this is not finally there is still
prototype and the one thing that Lee and
Lee wanted me to point out here was that
in the final version of this right now
they're not super happy with how the
structural feel is of this it's a bit
wobbly so what they're planning to do in
the more final model is not bring the
holes down quite a below so that would
get more of a a firm non punctured steel
strip at the bottom of the side skirt
door to help with rigidity but
realistically that's not really gonna
impact air flow in a negative meaningful
way so it's a good compromise to
strengthen it without probably
sacrificing much of anything so those
are the main changes it's the mesh
density versus the CES model this one
you probably remember it had completely
different sides they were basically
solid there was some small ventilation
up in the bottom right side kind of
towards the top the power supply shroud
but it also had a much different whole
pattern for the venting so we'll show
some b-roll of this stuff but this is
something I talked about at CES where
the Emily determined after thermal
testing that the performance of these
vertical slits for air on the top as
opposed to the larger x agonal slits
it's superior on these because i mean
it's there's just there's more hole so
there's any more airflow same for the
back where the rear fan is there's a 120
right now this is a prototype model but
there's a hexagonal holes in the back to
the fan hexagonal holes for the sort of
passive venting next to the GPU and
those are the the main changes for the
hole punching on the panels so that
should all improve thermals the fan I
really liked about that was this is the
kind of change we don't really typically
see from manufacturers so you'll get it
from like you start talking about
thermal take or cooler master I guess to
some extent NZXT although they're
smaller than either of those but the
larger manufacturers that are just more
mass-produced and kind of push quantity
more than anything
you don't really see the type of agility
with changes that you do here so this I
mean this is all good it's small changes
that should actually be meaningful and
it's done before the product has even
come out so it's all good stuff
this is a prototype it's not going to be
this color it was just made here for
demonstration but these are the covers
for the power splash shroud we talked
about at CES we had some renders from
Lian Li at the time but those go in
above the power slash shroud they're
gonna be black so be as obvious as it is
here and then they were talking about
potentially punching some holes in for
SSDs as well so you've got an option for
you either leave it there as just
venting or you pull it out and you put a
fan there is the idea and in this
instance I'm like with this this unit
where shouldn't really matter that much
in the instance of the new changes
putting a fan and on top of the power
supply with the amount of holes in on
the side should actually pull some extra
air and get it into the GPO so that
should have a positive impact one other
important change of this is leonie's
moved to two 140 millimeter fans to the
front and they've got one 120 in the
back so that'll be a significant change
to look at as well it'll have
implications for noise normalized
thermals and will test all that as soon
as we get it in so pricing is supposed
to still be about the same it's supposed
to be about $90 still for the the
updated master version of the land cool
too and then availability is not
confirmed yet but maybe sometime in June
and you can just keep an eye on our
channel obviously we'll update you and
we know more so that's gonna be the
updates for the land cool I know this
case was really popular when it came out
a lot of people requested reviews of it
a lot of people are interested in the
CES coverage of it
so that's your update of what's happened
in just the last couple months alone
which is an impressive amount of changes
for just a few months in CES and early
January and we'll update you once we
know more hopefully Computex actually
happens so we can cover potentially a
launch there but that's it for this one
thanks for watching subscribe for as
always check back for our factory tour
series we're gonna have some shots of
Liam we used factories as well and a lot
of stuff to learn there otherwise and
get a patreon our commissaries access or
store dye cameras I can't stand that the
hub is out directly and I'll see you all
next time
[Music]